feat(rocsparse): add rocsparse_handle_create/rocsparse_handle_destroy (#8083)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CMakeLists.txt

option(BUILD_WITH_ROCTX "Enable building rocSPARSE with rocTX" ON)
option(BUILD_WITH_OFFLOAD_COMPRESS
       "Enable offload compression during compilation" ON)

> option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_HANDLE_CREATE "Build the non-blocking rocsparse_handle_create/destroy API" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_HANDLE_CREATE "Build rocsparse_handle_create/destroy: non-blocking handle creation on a user-defined stream" ON)
```

Author: Done, thanks!
